                     M S - E N V    v 1 . 4
                   --------------------------

ms-env.pl is a simple CGI script for World Wide Web pages.
It allows you to find out various useful things about the
Perl environment on your web server. This is particularly
useful if you don't have telnet access to you ISP.



AVAILABILITY

The latest version of ms-mail should always be available from:

     http://www.mag-sol.com/Download.shtml



PREREQUISITES

In order to install and use this script you will need Perl version
5.002 or better.  This package also depends on packages that are 
distributed separately from perl.  We recommend that you have
the following packages installed before you install ms-env:

  CGI            (bundled with perl5.004 and better)

These packages should be available on CPAN (the Comprehensive
Perl Archive Network) and your nearest CPAN mirror can be found
at www.perl.com.



INSTALLATION

ms-env is distributed as a gzipped tar file. To extract the files
from the archive type the following commands:

    gunzip ms-env.tar.gz
    tar xvf ms-env.tar

You will end up with three files called README (this file), COPYING
and ms-env.pl.

Installation of ms-env is as simple as copying the file ms-env.pl
into the cgi directory of your web server. This directory may be called
cgi or cgi-bin or perhaps something completely different. If in doubt
ask the person responsible for running your web server.



USAGE

The simplest (and probably most useful) way to run ms-perl is simply
to enter the URL of the script in you browser. For example ms-perl
is installed on www.mag-sol.com in the cgi directory. Therefore if 
you enter the address:

    http://www.mag-sol.com/cgi/ms-env.pl
	
in you browser, you will see the output of the script which will
tell you various useful things about my Perl installation (like 
how out of date my Perl is!)

If you install ms-perl on your web server you shouild replace
www.mag-sol.com with the address of your web server. If in doubt
ask the person responsible for running your web server.

ms-perl will give you a number of useful details about the Perl
environment on your web server. These are:

* The version of Perl installed

* The version of CGI.pm installed

* The library path that Perl runs with

* The complete list of modules installed on that path



DOCUMENTATION

This file is currently all of the documentation you get! if you think 
you need any more, please let me know.



SUPPORT

Questions about using this script should be directed to the author at
dave@mag-sol.com. I also monitor the newsgroup comp.infosys.www.authoring.cgi
which would be another good place to ask questions.



COPYRIGHT

(c) 1999, 2000 Magnum Solutions Ltd, All rights reserved.

This script is free software; you are free to redistibute it
and/or modify it under the same terms as Perl itself.
