                     M S - M A I L    v 1 . 0
                   ----------------------------

ms-mail.pl is a simple form mail script for World Wide Web pages.
It allows you to capture data from a form on a web page and to
have the data emailed to your choice of address.



AVAILABILITY

The latest version of ms-mail should always be available from:

     http://www.mag-sol.com/Download.html



PREREQUISITES

In order to install and use this script you will need Perl version
5.002 or better.  This package also depends on packages that are 
distributed separately from perl.  We recommend that you have
the following packages installed before you install ms-guest:

  CGI            (bundled with perl5.004 and better)
  Mail::Mailer	 (part of MailTools)

These packages should be available on CPAN (the Comprehensive
Perl Archive Network) and your nearest CPAN mirror can be found
at www.perl.com.



INSTALLATION

ms-mail is distributed as a gzipped tar file. To extract the files
from the archive type the following commands:

    gunzip ms-mail.tar.gz
    tar xvf ms-mail.tar

You will end up with three files called README (this file), COPYING
and ms-mail.pl.

Installation of ms-mail is as simple as copying the file ms-mail.pl
into the cgi directory of your web server. This directory may be called
cgi or cgi-bin or perhaps something completely different. If in doubt
ask the person responsible for running your web server.



USAGE

ms-mail is called from a web page that has an HTML form on it. If you
are unfamiliar with HTML form elements you sohlud review them before
trying to use ms-mail. Good places to look for help on HTML elements
include www.w3c.org and www.htmlhelp.com. 

ms-mail should be the 'action' attribute of the <FORM> tag that starts
your HTML form. You will need to put the full path to the script in the
tag. This normally means prepending 'cgi' or 'cgi-bin' to the name of 
the script. Your form tag shloud therefore look like:

<FORM ACTION='/cgi/ms-mail.pl'>

Between this tag and the end of form tag, </FORM>, you will have a number
of <INPUT> tags. These can be of many types (again, see a good HTML
reference for details) and allow the form to contain all common GUI
controls (aka 'widgets'). Each input element will have a name. ms-mail
uses a number of specially named form elements to control its behaviour.
Some of these are essential to the correct working of ms-mail and others
are optional.

Any form elements without a recognised ms-mail name will be put in the
email and sent to your chosen address.

The ms-mail form element names are as follows:

Name       Description
-------    -----------
subject    A subject header for the mail message.
           This is optional. If you miss it out a default subject
           of "Form Data Response" will be used.

mailto     The email address to send the response to.
           This is a required field.

mailfrom   This email address that the mail will seem to come from.
           This is optional and in most cases should be mising out
           as the default of 'webmaster@<hostname>' will be alright.

template   The name of a template file to display when the mail has
           been sent. This file should be on your web server. If the
           file contains the special code '!!TABLE!!' on a line all
           by itself, this code wil be replaced with a table of the
           parameters sent in the email. This is optional.

nextpage   The name of the next page to display. This is optional.
           If a template field is given then this field is ignored.

It's probably for the best if you make these fields all of type
'hidden' as that way your users won't be able to overwrite your values.

The next page displayed can be controlled in a number of ways:

1/ If a template field is given then the file named in the template
   field is used. This file must be local to the web server and can
   contain the special code '!!TABLE!!' where the list of parameters
   will appear. This is the most flexible approach.

2/ If no template field is passed, but a nextapge field is passed
   then this field is used. In this case a fixed page is displayed.
   If you don't want to use the '!!TABLE!!' functionality of a template,
   then you should use this option as it is more efficient.

3/ If no template or nextpage field is given then a default page is
   displayed. This is pretty ugly and you probably don't want to use it.




DOCUMENTATION

This file is currently all of the documentation you get! if you think 
you need any more, please let me know.



SUPPORT

Questions about using this script should be directed to the author at
dave@mag-sol.com. I also monitor the newsgroup comp.infosys.www.authoring.cgi
which would be another good place to ask questions.



COPYRIGHT

(c) 1998, Magnum Solutions Ltd, All rights reserved.

This script is free software; you are free to redistibute it
and/or modify it under the same terms as Perl itself.
